Apex : 
    1. Apex is a programming language 
    2. Apex uses Java-like syntax and acts like database stored procedures.
    3. Apex enables developers to add business logic to system events,
       such as button clicks,
       updates of related records,
       and Visualforce pages.
    4. Hosted
        -> Apex is saved, compiled, and executed on the server—the Lightning Platform.
    5. Object oriented
        —> Apex supports classes, interfaces, and inheritance.
    6. Strongly typed 
        —> Apex validates references to objects at compile time.
    7. Apex has Governer limit.
    8. Integrated with the database
        —> It is straightforward to access and manipulate records.
        —> Apex provides direct access to records and their fields, 
           and provides statements and query languages to manipulate those records.
    9. Data focused—Apex provides transactional access to the database,
       allowing you to roll back operations.
    10.Easy to use—Apex is based on familiar Java idioms.
    11.Easy to test—Apex provides built-in support for unit test creation, execution, and code coverage.
    12.Versioned—Custom Apex code can be saved against different versions of the API.


Apex Language Highlights:
    1.  Classes, interfaces, properties, and collections (including arrays).
    2.  Object and array notation.
    3.  Expressions, variables, and constants.
    4.  Conditional statements (if-then-else) and control flow statements (for loops and while loops).
    
Unlike other object-oriented programming languages, Apex supports:
    1. Cloud development as Apex is stored, compiled, and executed in the cloud.
    2. Triggers, which are similar to triggers in database systems.
    3. Database statements that allow you to make direct database calls 
       and query languages to query and search data.
    4. Transactions and rollbacks.
    5. The global access modifier, which is more permissive than the public modifier 
       and allows access across namespaces and applications.
    6. In addition, Apex is a case-insensitive language.
